Update README.md for Windows on Electron React TS example (#86)
getditto/samples: tasks/electron-react-ts/README.md

## Bluetooth Low Energy on Linux

Please refer to [the docs](https://docs.ditto.live/raspberrypi/installation) for instructions on how to enable Bluetooth Low Energy on Linux.

## Windows integration

> 1. Push Win Key and type "Services", locate those services, start them and set Start type to Automatic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Push Win Key and type "Services", locate each of the below services, start them and set Start type to Automatic.
```

I'm also not familiar enough with the process on Windows here, so wanted to double check the order of `start them and set Start type to Automatic` doesn't matter. Intuitively, I would have thought it'd be reversed (setting start type before starting), but I rarely use Windows so defer to others.

Author: A customer reported that this step wasn't required so we might be able to just remove this section altogether
